I am Ichikawa Danjuro the seventh, born
in “1791” in Edo, Current day Tokyo.
I was a Japanese kabuki actor who specialized
in male hero roles, said to be the greatest
of the 19th century. I was responsible for
the establishment of the Kabuki Juhachiban,
a collection of the eighteen greatest plays in the
repertoire. I also played Kanjinchō that is kabuki
dance-drama based on the Noh play Ataka.
In the early “1810s”, I performed at the
Ichimura-za in a number of new plays by the
great playwright Tsuruya Nanboku, and played
the titular role of Sukeroku in Sukeroku Yukari
no Edo Zakura for the first time in “1811”.
The famous onnagata Segawa Kikunojo remained
my chief partners onstage throughout until
“1840”. I played the role of Benkei in the “1840”
premiere of Kanjinchō at the Kawarazaki-za.
Benkei was a Japanese warrior monk who lived in
“794”. He was commonly depicted as a man of great
strength and loyalty, and a popular subject of
Japanese folklore, showcased in many ancient and
modern literature and productions. The play
ends with Benkei performing a special Kabuki
technique for leaving the scene, called Tobiroppō,
jumping on a long raised platform, running through
the audience, connecting to the main stage.
At a performance at the Nakamura-za in “1859”,
I began to feel ill, and left the stage for
several weeks. I was scheduled to perform as
Soga no Iruka, but fell ill once more and died
on the same year. To this day the name Ichikawa
Danjuro is being held by actors who perform
roles that resemble the loyalty and determination
to serve our masters. I hope my heritage is
alive to this day in people minds and hearts.